In Eric Raymond’s guidelines for asking questions the smart way, I learned many techniques I was unaware of and things to keep in mind when asking questions. When asking “smart questions”, Raymond specified how to use grammar and online etiquette, and encouraged precision. Many examples of these smart questions can be found on StackOverflow, but many were considered bad questions.

	Raymond outlined many things to look over before asking questions on forum sites, but when needing to ask questions, there were many tips as well. One of the first tips on the website is to create a good title. In the StackOverflow question JavaScript closure inside loops – simple practical example, the author blatantly states the subject and it is clear to other programmers what type of contents will be in the question. Compared to I got this errorin render, this question does not display any keywords a programmer would need to assist someone. Questions like these are most likely to be ignored by other programmers. This question was also not informative enough for the reader to understand the problem. The author did not include the code used when the error occurred in their project, nor the environment used when coding. This leaves a lot less for the reader to be able to assist in. The previous question includes images of their code with the function of each photo. It is easy to understand the what the author wants assistance in using this format. It is also precise and simple while being accurate, compared to the I got this errorin render question that is too simple to understand. In result, there was no answer able to be given to this author. . In the JavaScript closure inside loops – simple practical example question, programmers were able to give a variety of answers that could help the author, providing example code and clear instructions. 
 
Reading both questions, it is clear that there are general rules to follow when asking smart questions. The phrasing helps the author clearly explain their problems while helping the reader create an accurate response to the question. By studying Eric Raymond’s website, I found that it is important to write clear understandable and respectful questions to be able to get the response I need. 


